Tornado: National Weather Service: Tornado warning in this area until 12:15 PM. Take shelter now in a basement or an interior room on the lowest floor of a sturdy building. If you are outdoors, in a mobile home, or a vehicle, move to the closest substantial shelter and protect yourself from flying debris. Check the media.|| National Weather Service: Tornado emergency until 10:45PM. Tornado spotted in this area. This is a life-threatening situation. Take shelter now in a basement or an interior room on the lowest floor of a sturdy building. If you are outdoors, in a mobile home, or in a vehicle move to the closest substantial shelter and protect yourself from flying debris.|| Tornado warning in this area until 9:00 PM. Take shelter now in a basement or an interior room on the lowest floor of a sturdy building. If you are outdoors, in a mobile home, or in a vehicle, move to the closest substantial shelter and protect yourself from flying debris. Check media.
Flood: Flood warning issued. Avoid low-lying areas and move to higher ground. Do not drive through flooded roads.|| Prolonged heavy rain in the county is expected to cause flooding of roadways and low-lying areas. Avoid rising water. Avoid areas near river banks/creeks. Seek higher ground. Do not walk or drive through moving water or on flooded roadways.|| Flood emergency: Stay where you are. Do not attempt to drive. Do not enter the water. Climb to higher ground to evacuate. Consider all roads closed until further notice.
Hurricane: National Weather Service: A Hurricane warning is in effect for this area for dangerous and damaging winds. This warning is issued up to 36 hours before hazardous conditions begin. Urgently complete efforts to protect life and property. Have food, water, cash, fuel, and medications for 3+ days. Follow instructions from local officials.|| Our county roads are experiencing the burden of the Hurricane and continued heavy rains. Roads are closed until further notice. Please avoid affected areas and exercise caution when traveling. Local officials are working to address the damage as quickly as possible.|| National Weather Service: A Hurricane warning is in effect for this area for dangerous and damaging winds. This warning is issued up to 36 hours before hazardous conditions begin. Urgently complete efforts to protect life and property. Have food, water, cash, fuel, and medications for 3+ days. Follow instructions from local officials.
Wildfire: Active wildfire in the area. Evacuate immediately and avoid the area.|| A dangerous wildfire is located South of the county, spreading rapidly NE. Your area is in Immediate danger from wildfires, which can cause injury/death, burn down homes/other structures. Leave now toward the Community Baptist Church. Do not delay to pack belongings. Roads in the area may be impacted by fire and smoke.|| Wildfire spreading rapidly in area. Evacuate immediately and avoid until further notice.
Earthquake: Earthquake Detected! Drop, Cover, Hold On. Protect Yourself. -USGS ShakeAlert|| An Earthquake occurred in the area. The earthquake has been felt throughout the State. Aftershocks may occur. Call 9-1-1 only if you or others are injured or have an emergency.|| Earthquake Detected! Drop, Cover, Hold On. Protect Yourself. -USGS ShakeAlert
Blizzard: Blizzard conditions are causing visibility to be less than a 1/4 of a mile. Whiteout conditions are making travel treacherous and potentially life threatening. High winds are reducing visibility and could bring down tree branches. Non-essential travel ban in effect. Only emergencies and traveling for employment purposes are allowed.||Road closure alert - Segments of roads in the county are still closed due to blizzard conditions. Go to the local news for details.|| Mayor has issued a State of Emergency for this state due to winter weather. All vehicles restricted on the roads until 6 AM except for essential and emergency travel. Near-blizzard conditions expected.
Winter storm: With the ongoing winter storm in the County, Highway 83 and Highway 36 are closed throughout the county. Do not attempt to travel our closed highways in the deadly conditions we are experiencing! The high winds are causing zero visibility and a crash on these roads could prove deadly. We are hoping to have things opened up around noon.|| The County Sheriff's Office has placed a No Travel Advisory throughout the County until the winter storm passes and driving conditions improve. Monitor local news for updates on the road conditions.|| NWS has issued a Winter Storm Warning for the county from 4am Tuesday to 11am Wednesday. Heavy mixed precipitation of snow accumulation of 4-6" with a light glaze of ice. Travel could be very difficult, especially on the interstate. If you must travel, be careful and monitor road conditions. Check on the elderly and your outside animals before the storm approaches.
Drought: County is under Red Flag Fire Warning from noon today until 10:00 pm tonight. No outdoor burning due to drought conditions and strong wind, high temperatures and low humidity. Call 911 immediately to report any type of fire. Be ready to evacuate on short notice in case of fire. Monitor local media for more details.|| A Continued Lack of Rain and Excessive Heat has Elevated Mandatory Water Restrictions to a Level 3. The City is requiring all customers to conserve and discontinue water use for non-essential purposes, including landscaping, pools, and more. Check local news.|| With the drought we are in, please be sure and check the fire index daily, either at ndresponse.gov or you can go to the County Emergency Facebook page daily. Online by 8:00 a.m. Also Burn Permits are needed to do any kind of burning throughout the County.
Extreme heat: NWS: excessive heat warning for this area, noon today till 8 pm and heat watch Wed. morning through Thurs. evening. Extreme heat and humidity will increase risk of heat illnesses especially those working outdoors. Be sure to drink plenty of fluids, wear loose-fitting clothing. Call 911 if someone suffers from a heat stroke. Temp. index may be in 100's.|| Conserve energy now to protect public health and safety. Extreme heat is straining the state energy grid. Power interruptions may occur unless you take action. Turn off or reduce nonessential power if health allows, now until 9 pm.|| NWS: excessive heat warning for the county noon today till 7 pm and heat watch Wed. morning through Thurs. evening. Extreme heat and humidity will increase risk of heat illnesses especially those working outdoors. Be sure to drink plenty of fluids, wear loose fitting clothing. Call 911 if someone suffers from a heat stroke. Temp. index may be in 100's.
Flash flood: National Weather Service: A Flash flood emergency is in effect for this area until 11:00 AM. This is an extremely dangerous and life-threatening situation. Do not attempt to travel unless you are fleeing an area subject to flooding or under an evacuation order.|| National Weather Service: A Flash flood warning is in effect for this area until 2:00 AM. This is a dangerous and life-threatening situation. Do not attempt to travel unless you are fleeing an area subject to flooding or under an evacuation order.|| From County Emergency Management: There is flash flooding in your area. Move to higher ground. Safe refuge available at the City Hall.
Volcano: Volcanic activity detected. Follow evacuation orders and wear masks to avoid inhaling ash.|| The NWS issued a Special Weather Statement for the Southeast of the active Volcano, for very strong gusty winds greater than 50 miles per hour. Winds are forecast through midnight tonight. Seek shelter or leave the area if possible.|| The NWS issued a Special Weather Statement for the Southeast of the active Volcano, for very strong gusty winds greater than 40 miles per hour. Winds are forecast through midnight tonight. Seek shelter or leave the area if possible.
Tsunami: The National Weather Service has issued a Tsunami warning. A series of powerful waves and strong currents may impact coasts near you. You are in danger. Get away from coastal waters. Move to high ground or inland now. Keep away from the coast until local officials say it is safe to return.|| National Weather Service - Tsunami Warning in effect, avoid low-lying areas and beaches. Move to higher ground now! Tsunami expected around 1200pm.|| Tsunami Advisory issued by National Tsunami Warning Center for the County Coast. Coastal areas could experience strong currents that may be hazardous. Waves expected to start at 7:50 AM. Waves of 1 to 3 feet are possible. Please move off the beach and out of the harbors and marinas. Avoid the coastline. Go to tsunami.gov for info.
Landslide: Landslide risk in your area. Avoid slopes and unstable ground. Follow local alerts.|| Landslide risk in your area. Avoid slopes and unstable ground. Follow local alerts.|| Landslide risk in your area. Avoid slopes and unstable ground. Follow local alerts.
